DOC-13871-update minimum api level for android and C (#1064)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/c/pages/supported-os.adoc

[#android]
=== Android

[IMPORTANT]
--

> These requirements are for the *C/C++ SDK* on Android (e.g., when using Qt or other C++ frameworks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These requirements are for the *C/C++ SDK* on Android. 
Use the C/C++ SDK when using Qt or other C++ frameworks.
```

> If you're developing with the *Java/Kotlin SDK* on Android, see xref:android:supported-os.adoc[Couchbase Lite for Android - Supported OS Versions].

Reviewer: Do you want to specifically go to the #officially-supported-versions anchor?

Author: I've updated it to reflect this.

[#android]
=== Android

[IMPORTANT]
--
These requirements are for the *C/C++ SDK* on Android. 

> Use the C/C++ SDK when using Qt or other C++ frameworks.

Reviewer 2: Likewise

```suggestion
These requirements are for the *C/{cpp} SDK* on Android. 
Use the C/{cpp} SDK when using Qt or other {cpp} frameworks.
```
